W-15818513-dw-functions-27-duke (#323)
mulesoft/docs-dataweave: modules/ROOT/pages/dw-mule-functions-lookup.adoc

attributes or variables. Similarly, the called flow will only return
its payload.

> Note that `lookup` function does not support calling subflows.

Author: looks like the source doc needs to be fixed, and what was in the docs restored

> Note that `lookup` function does not support calling subflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the `lookup` function _doesn't_ support calling subflows.
```

`var` and then referencing that `var` from within the DataWeave script.
====

> _This function is *Deprecated*. Use xref:-functions-.adoc[], instead._

Author: The new text is wrong. Need to restore old.

> _This function is *Deprecated*. Use xref:-functions-.adoc[], instead._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_This function is *Deprecated*. Use https://docs.mulesoft.com/dataweave/latest/dataweave-functions[], instead._
```
Is this correct?

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't it be https?
